feat: LRU cache key (#504)
nearform/fast-jwt: README.md

- `clockTolerance`: Timespan in milliseconds is the tolerance to apply to the current timestamp when performing time comparisons. Default is `0`.

> - `tokenHasher`: The function that will be used to hash the token. By default is used [the hashToken function](./src/utils.js).

Reviewer: I would add some details, perhaps in the dedicated caching section of the readme, about this option, and what it is used for. Also, I would name it more explicitly. I assume that the only reason we hash the token is for the cache key, right? If so, the name and docs above should reflect that, otherwise a user would not know what this is for. Basically, let's be a bit more comprehensive with the docs

> - `cacheKeyBuilder`: The function that will be used to create the [cache's key](#caching). To avoid sensitive informations leaking, by default is used [the hashToken function](./src/utils.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cacheKeyBuilder`: The function that will be used to create the [cache's key](#caching) for each token. To mitigate the risk of leaking sensitive information and generate collisions, [a hashing function](./src/utils.js) is used by default.
```
